I think we're going to live in a world
where there are going to be hundreds of
millions of billions of different AI
agents eventually probably more AI
agents than there are people in the
world a lot of what we're focused on is
giving every Creator and every small
business um the ability to create AI
agents for themselves making it so that
every person on our platforms can create
their own AI agents that they want to
interact with and if you think about it
these are just huge spaces right so
there are hundreds of millions of small
businesses in the world and one of the
things I think is really important is
basically making it so with a relatively
small amount of work a business can
basically a few Taps stand up an AI
agent for themselves that can do
customer support sales communicate with
all people all their customers I think
that every business in the future just
like they have an email address and a
website and the social media presence
today I think every business is going to
have an AI agent that their customers
can talk to in the future